the Mafia Mario this one not that one
and makio add to that Ezio Auditore and
you've got the four finest things ever
to come out of Italy Parmesan excluded
what we're trying to get at is last year
when of e-gems favorite games was
without a doubt assassin's creed
brotherhood so when we heard there was
brand new dlc coming out we nearly
popped our cut pieces in excitement this
brand new single-player adventure is
called The Da Vinci disappearance and it
won't take a renaissance period genius
to work out what it's all about Ezio's
power Leonardo da Vinci has been
kidnapped by a shadowy cult who follow
the teachings of greek mathematician
pythagoras Leonardo knows the secret
entrance to the temple of the old pie
master and the cult want in they'll nod
nod Sal ie you want to save him tell me
one of the damn police I do not know
cats aw of course Leonardo being
Leonardo he's hidden the location of the
temple within five of his classic
paintings so it's up to Ezio to recover
them work out the hidden message and
rescue is our teacher you have returned
to Rome that we've just enough time to
visit you the adventure will take you
around some of Rome's familiar sights as
well as giving you to new locations in
which to crack out the old park or our
favorite the bell regard Oh sneaking
through lush licking gardens and then
legging it through the halls of the
palace is pretty enjoyable come with me
once we get inside I will mark the
paintings for you to steal but in dem to
lay on that of those workshop a beat
though most missions involve a fair
amount of stealth but there's enough
variety thrown in to make sure things
don't get repetitive and by that we mean
you get to shiver lots of people in the
neck Shing have you found anything
nothing is there no pages nothing that
cannot be something must be special
about them there's also some neat
puzzles thrown improving that xeo isn't
just a pretty face tasking you with
uncovering hidden messages inside Leo's
paintings will make you feel just like
you're in The Da Vinci Code minus Tom
Hanks dodgy haircut and the wooden
acting and the dumb script and Jean
Renault actually Ubisoft get jon renau
in the next Assassin's Creed okay the
dlc is also full of assassins trademark
kima the little
joke about the Mona Lisa at the
beginning and I can see that she is
badly drawn and that smile overdone
meaningless and that Sears take on
flirting say hello to the door gun for
me God God face brought a smile to our
sour cynical faces I see this place has
worked its magic on your sister she did
not want to open her legs in financing
but now she is the madam of wrong catsup
as for how much Renee saans bang you get
for your buck the single player will
last you about three to four hours
depending on how quickly you storm
through and there's a new mini game to
play the thieves guild although to be
honest we played it once and we probably
won't play it again you get new threads
for the main mad try on and there's also
ten your accomplishments for you trophy
whores out there and we haven't even
mentioned the multiplayer editions which
include four new characters to play as
the night the Marquis the frightening
looking pariah and my personal favorite
the dame arosa because let's face it
when you're staring for prolonged
periods at someone's ass it may as well
be a peachy one right you can also get
stabby in a brand new map and two new
game modes escort which sees you taking
it in turns to protect or hunt down a
computer-controlled VIP and assassinate
which involves you hunting down other
Templars and marking them for
assassination before going in for the
kill all in all the da Vinci
disappearance is a real blast it was
great revisiting Rome for another
adventure and the extra multiplayer
nuggets will keep you playing for even
longer if you haven't already go and get
this now capisce bgm up four out of five
now I would love to talk about all the
films of influenced Assassin's Creed but
sadly there isn't any the closest thing
we found was this crapfest for 1991
honey baba
yeah it's nothing to do with the game
but at least Leonardo's flying machine
makes an appearance tenuous I know until
next time vgm out